NASA recently confirmed the discovery of parallel universes (PUs) occupying alternate dimensions. These universes are quite different from our own universe, in the following ways:
Each PU is a two-dimensional square that stretches 109 light years from left to right and from top to bottom.
Each PU has a galactic diameter of d light years, where d is an integer.
Each star is exactly x light years from its universe’s left edge and y light years from its universe’s bottom edge, where x and y are non-negative integers.
Stars are clustered into galaxies. Each galaxy consists of one or more stars. Each star is at most d light years from every other star in its galaxy. Any two stars from different galaxies are more than d light years apart.
It is crucial to understand the implications of this. The locations of the stars determine the galaxies. The galaxy to which a star s belongs consists of s plus all other stars that are within d light years of s. Suppose you draw a circle of diameter d around all of the stars of a galaxy. Any star not belonging to the galaxy will be outside the circle and will be more than d light years from every star in the galaxy.
For each PU, NASA has obtained all of its stellar coordinates and has measured its value of d.
Given the description of a PU, NASA would like to be able to determine whether that PU has a galaxy that contains more than half of the stars in the PU. NASA has turned to you.

Input
The input describes a single PU. All numbers in the input are integers.
The first line of the input contains the PU’s galactic diameter d (1≤d≤106) and star count k (1≤k≤106).
There are exactly k more lines. Each line contains the x (0≤x≤109) and y (0≤y≤109) coordinates of a star in the PU. No two of these lines are identical, as a black hole would result!
The star positions and d are guaranteed to obey the clustering constraint discussed above.

Output
If the PU described by the input has a galaxy containing more than half of the stars, display the number of stars in that galaxy. Otherwise, display NO.